---
layout: post
title: 1 英语听力
date: 2020-07-08
Author: 念书
categories: English
tags: [bao英语听力]
comments: false
---



# <a name="1">Jimmy vs. the Kettlemans </a>

**(clip from BETTER CALL SAUL)**

## [音频](#1)

<audio id="audio" controls>
    <source id="mp3" src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/1.mp3">
</audio> 

## [视频](#1)

<video src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/1.mp4" width="800px" height="500px" controls="controls"></video>
## [原文](#1)

**Mrs. Kettleman**: You thief.  

**Jimmy**: <u>Takes one to know one</u>, doesn’t it?   

**Mr. Kettleman**: You took it? How did you take it?  

**Jimmy**: A good magician never reveals his secrets. Now here is what we are gonna do.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: Oh, you don’t tell us what to do. You stole from us. We will have you  

arrested.  

**Jimmy**: I can see how upset you are… and even on a good day you and logic are… But think  

about what you just said. Criminals have no recourse. And you two? You are criminals, big  

time.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: How dare you.  

**Jimmy**: Luckily, you have a very talented lawyer who has found a way to minimize the  

damage you’ve brought upon yourselves.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: Oh, you are fired.  

**Jimmy**: Oh, I quit, already. No, I’m talking about Kim Wexler. Now, you are gonna go back to  

her. You are gonna apologize for your hasty decision to terminate her services, and you are  

gonna fall on her mercy and take that deal.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: We will tell about the bribe you took.  

**Jimmy**: You could do that. You absolutely could, and I’ll be in a mess of trouble, a real pickle.  

But so would you, Mrs. Kettleman. Because right now, only Mr. Kettleman is on the hook for  

the whole embezzlement kerfluffle. But the bribe? We are back to calling it a bribe? Yeah,  

that implicates you as well.  

**Mr. Kettleman**: It does not. It was all me.  

**Jimmy**: No, it wasn’t. I’ll make sure everyone knows that. Look on the bright side. You know.  

They could work out some kind of inter-prison visitation program. The occasional conjugal.  

Maybe it won’t be all bad. You, you’ll probably wind up running your own gang. Thing you  

folks need to know about me? I got nothing to lose. Christ, you should see my office.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: No, it’s not over. Let’s find another lawyer.  

**Mr. Kettleman**: Oh, Betsy.  

**Mrs. Kettleman**: No, no, no. 





# <a name="2">Michelle Obama Talking about Black Womanhood</a>

**(Clip from the FINAL INTERVIEW OF THE OBAMAS with PEOPLE MAGAZINE)**

## [音频](#2)

<audio id="audio" controls>
    <source id="mp3" src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/2.mp3">
</audio> 

## [视频](#2)

<video src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/2.mp4" width="800px" height="500px" controls="controls"></video>
## [原文](#3)

**Host**: Here we are in the White House. 

**Michelle**: The Red Room. 

**Host**: Just a little bit longer. Mrs. Obama, you famously said last summer, “I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves, and I watch my daughters, two beautiful, black young women head off to  school, waving goodbye to their father- the President of the United States.” Did you have that thought  in your mind on the day you moved in? 

**Michelle**: Ohh, no. No. That’s too deep. You are moving in… The day you are moving in, you are frantic. You are trying to figure out where are the bathrooms and where does this door lead to. I mean the  chaotic nature of the transition for the family. I mean it’s smooth, but at the same time it’s very surreal  and you don’t have time to reflect or think about the meaning or the magnitude of what you’re doing until months after you’ve lived in that house. So maybe that thought happened by the summer. Maybe it was summer time I started when they were actually out on the lawn playing, but that is a whirlwind coming into this life from a relative state of normalcy. 

**Host**: When that symbolism hit you, it must have been a very powerful moment for you.

**Michelle**: Yeah, yeah. I mean you know, there are so many surreal powerful moments, you know..  watching my mother（’s）transition into this house， knowing where she comes from… From a  working class -- even poorer than working class upbringing, to seeing her standing on the Truman Balcony and representing this country, the First Grandmother. I mean, for me, those moments are just as surreal as watching the girls go through it, because her life was vastly different than anything I could  have imagined. Let alone what we’ve experienced here with her in the White House. 





# <a name="3">Grandparents</a>

**(Clip from BILL COSBY STANDUP SHOW)**

## [音频](#2)

<audio id="audio" controls>
    <source id="mp3" src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/3.mp3">
</audio> 

## [视频](#2)

<video src="https://dabaixiaozhu.oss-cn-shenzhen.aliyuncs.com/LinBlog/English/ListenMp3/3.mp4" width="800px" height="600px" controls="controls"></video>
## [原文](#2)

My father began to pass this money out. And I thought, this is the same man, who when I  

was his child, I would ask him for 50 cents, this man would tell me his life story. And my  

father never told a happy story. For 50 cents, there never was happiness! The man ate dirt  

till he was 30 years old. That’s all it was, it was dirt. And he was thankful to eat that dirt.  

That's the part I couldn't understand. No matter how much he suffered, he’d always say  

“and I was thankful to get it”. My father walked to school four o’clock every morning, with  

no shoes on, uphill, both ways, in 5 feet of snow, and he was thankful! I asked my father to  

give me a dollar for the school picnic, he told me how he killed a grizzly bear with his loose  

leaf notebook. Now he’s giving money away.  



My mother kisses every child, “just come here and kiss your grand mommy, mua, mua mua,  

mua, mua, grand mommy just love you to death.” And my children think that my mother is  

the most wonderful person on the face of this earth. And I keep telling my children, that’s  

not the same woman I grew up with. You’re looking at an old person who’s trying to get into  

heaven now. 